doc(readme): initialize homepage content (#1)
OpenINF/wg-a-team: doc/development.md

# Development

> If you're feeling courageous, run the following to do everything at once.

Author: ```suggestion
If you’re feeling courageous, run the following to do everything at once.
```

> If you’re feeling courageous, run the following to do everything at once.

Author: ```suggestion
<details id="platform--node-js-lts">
	<summary>
		<a
			href="#platform--node-js-lts"
			title="Platform: Node.js LTS">
			<img
				src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-LTS-black?logo=Node.js&logoColor=lightgreen&color=2a2a2a&labelColor=black"
				alt="Platform: Node.js LTS" />
		</a>
	</summary>
	<div align="left">
		<br />
		<a
			target="_blank"
			title="Node.js Release Schedule"
			href="https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule">
			<strong>Supported Node.js Environments</strong>
		</a><br /><br />

- [ ] v12：Erbium (Er)
- [x] v14：Fermium (Fm)
- [x] v16：Gallium (Ga)
- [x] v18：Hydrogen (H) <!-- TODO
- [x] v20: Iron (Fe) -->

	</div>
</details>

This project depends on various tooling packages that prefer running on
[supported versions of Node.js](#platform--node-js-lts). All tooling may
be acquired for free via the **`npm`**, **`pnpm`**, or **`yarn`** command
line apps that come bundled with Node.js (available thru Corepack).

If you’re already good to go (have the correct runtime version installed and
feeling courageous), running the following command line in a shell with a
working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree; all of the
below steps may be accomplished in one go.
```

# Development

<details id="platform--node-js-lts">
	<summary>
		<a
			href="#platform--node-js-lts"
			title="Platform: Node.js LTS">
			<img
				src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-LTS-black?logo=Node.js&logoColor=lightgreen&color=2a2a2a&labelColor=black"
				alt="Platform: Node.js LTS" />
		</a>
	</summary>
	<div align="left">
		<br />
		<a
			target="_blank"
			title="Node.js Release Schedule"
			href="https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule">
			<strong>Supported Node.js Environments</strong>
		</a><br /><br />

- [ ] v12：Erbium (Er)
- [x] v14：Fermium (Fm)
- [x] v16：Gallium (Ga)
- [x] v18：Hydrogen (H) <!-- TODO
- [x] v20: Iron (Fe) -->

	</div>
</details>

This project depends on various tooling packages that prefer running on
[supported versions of Node.js](#platform--node-js-lts). All tooling may
be acquired for free via the **`npm`**, **`pnpm`**, or **`yarn`** command
line apps that come bundled with Node.js (available thru Corepack).

If you’re already good to go (have the correct runtime version installed and
feeling courageous), running the following command line in a shell with a

> working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree will do all

Author: ```suggestion
working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree, all
```

> of the below steps in one go.

Author: ```suggestion
of the below steps may be accomplished in one go.
```

> working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree may
> accomplished all of the below steps in one go.

Author: ```suggestion
working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree may
accomplish all of the below steps in one go.
```

> working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree; all of the
> below steps may be accomplished in one go.

Author: ```suggestion
working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree will do
all of the below steps in one go.
```

> working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree, all
> of the below steps may be accomplished in one go.

Author: ```suggestion
working directory located at the root of this project’s source tree may
accomplished all of the below steps in one go.
```
